fix #19940. Added common steps of plugin translation (#23535)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/localizing.md

# Localizing Gutenberg Plugin

As general WordPress Plugins, Gutenberg Plugin is translated via translation management system at https://translate.wordpress.org. If you are not familiar with this system and translation process, refer [this document](https://make.wordpress.org/polyglots/handbook/tools/glotpress-translate-wordpress-org/) first.

> 

Reviewer: Just some grammar fixes before we can merge this:
```suggestion
As general WordPress Plugins, Gutenberg Plugin is translated via a translation management system at https://translate.wordpress.org. If you are not familiar with this system and translation process, refer to [this document](https://make.wordpress.org/polyglots/handbook/tools/glotpress-translate-wordpress-org/) first.
```

# Localizing Gutenberg Plugin

> As general WordPress Plugins, Gutenberg Plugin is translated via translation management system at https://translate.wordpress.org. If you are not familiar with this system and translation process, refer [this document](https://make.wordpress.org/polyglots/handbook/tools/glotpress-translate-wordpress-org/) first.

Reviewer: I'm not a native English speaker, but I've got the impression there are some articles & prepositions missing here. A native English speaker should review this before we merge it...

> As general WordPress Plugins, Gutenberg Plugin is translated via translation management system at https://translate.wordpress.org. If you are not familiar with this system and translation process, refer [this document](https://make.wordpress.org/polyglots/handbook/tools/glotpress-translate-wordpress-org/) first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Gutenberg plugin is translated via the general plugin translation system (GlotPress) at https://translate.wordpress.org. Review the [GlotPress translation process documentation] (https://make.wordpress.org/polyglots/handbook/tools/glotpress-translate-wordpress-org/) for additional information.
```
